---
title: Bit-By-Bit
subtitle: Building a community one pixel at a time
featuredImage: /uploads/bit-by-bit-canvas.png
author: Franczeska Silvestre
date: 2023-03-05T07:21:28.794Z
edit: 2023-03-05T07:21:28.816Z
---
<!--StartFragment-->

### P﻿ixel Rest & Relaxation

Spearheaded by the Training and Development(TND) committee of La Salle Computer Society (LSCS), a Junior Officer (JO) group led by TND Associate Vice President Aila Janelle Manlangit conducted their very own event entitled “Bit-By-Bit” last February 18-19, 2023. This event was inspired by the Reddit thread *“r/place”*, wherein members would be sharing a canvas and create drawings for a certain period of time inside a Minecraft server. For the event, they launched the server with a Zoom opening ceremony and let students run their creativity free inside the 200x200 blank canvas. The server was open for 2 consecutive days which was open from 9:00 AM to 10:00 PM.



#### C﻿ultural Hotpot

As shown in the resulting canvas created by 25 participants, an amalgamation of pop culture references can be seen side-by-side like Homer and Bart from the American animated sitcom “The Simpsons”, various Pokémon characters like Snorlax, Bulbasaur, and Ditto, other popular game figures like Kirby, Mario, Yoshi, and Among Us characters, and even K-Pop references like the iconic NewJeans bunny logo are displayed. It wouldn’t be an LSCS event without including our very own LSCS logo and mascot, Macky. Overall, the event was deemed to be a success as it became a platform that provided a recreational space for students during this time approaching midterms. The JO event served as a stress-relieving activity that was able to spark creativity, build camaraderie, and most importantly, establish a sense of community within the members of LSCS.

<!--EndFragment-->